[JS API] merge `Module['readBinaryWithFeatures']` into `Module['readBinary']` (#8954)
WebAssembly/binaryen: CHANGELOG.md

Current Trunk
-------------

- [JS API] support `BinaryenStringConst` (#8951)

> - [JS API] Merge `Module['readBinaryWithFeatures']` into `Module['readBinary']`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [JS API] Replace `Module['readBinaryWithFeatures']` with an optional features parameter to  `Module['readBinary']` (#8954)
```
This way it explains exactly what users need to do to migrate.
